Hey, Jerry
Try it and see if it suits your appetite.
Little master
Madam burned her hands over this dish
It still looks serious.
How much do you eat?
Don't disappoint your ladyship
Eat more quickly
Mommy is so delicious
Fortunately, you managed to get 500 yuan.
Otherwise we won't be able to eat
If it's delicious, you can eat more. Hmm.
This is a dish for our customers.
If you turn 300, you will get a bag of sweet and sour fish for free.
Oh, no, nothing else.
Thank you for your child's allergies
Eating fish is like being pricked by a needle
It hurts.
Like full of this allergy or asymptomatic appearance
Very rare.
Tell me if it's not full
I can't even find it.
The young master and the wife are getting angry
Lock yourself in the bathroom and won't come out